Fix SDL2::SDL2 target was not found (fixes #1595) (#1596)
Swartz27/xray-16: CMakeLists.txt

if (NOT WIN32)
    find_package(SDL2 REQUIRED)

>     # ref: issue-1595

Reviewer: ~~This fix should go into cmake/FindSDL2.cmake~~
Oh, wait. We don't have this module.
Then it's ok.

Author: Yes there is no such module right now...
It can be moved there but it may be tricky - it probably should not be `FindSDL2.cmake` otherwise Cmake won't check system-wide one in `/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/cmake/SDL2/` (but we still need use it to actually get library information)   

May check on that approach a later if it is a blocker

Author: I will upload a new revision 😅

Reviewer: I agree that we don't need FindSDL2.cmake

if (NOT WIN32)
    find_package(SDL2 REQUIRED)

>     # ref: issue-1595
>     # Fix to support older SDL2
>     if(NOT TARGET SDL2::SDL2 AND DEFINED SDL2_LIBRARIES)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Fix to support older SDL2
    # https://github.com/OpenXRay/xray-16/issues/1595
    if (NOT TARGET SDL2::SDL2 AND DEFINED SDL2_LIBRARIES)
```
